You don't have to serve anyone.
Who are you?
About our family.
It's your turn to step in.
I am...
She she she is
This voice is familiar.
Was he the one who came to the door yesterday?
Yes, yes, yes, it was the smelly beggar who came to the house asking for rice yesterday.
Why does the smell call flowers here?
Will you come to my house for lunch?
Very brave.
Today is the wedding day.
Don't use force.
It's okay for beggars to stick to the fun atmosphere.
Someone took her to the kitchen.
So that no outsider will say that we are stingy.
My father-in-law is right.
Go.
I'm not a beggar.
I'm here to beg for food.
Do you still want the money?
Today is my wedding.
I satisfy you
But after you get the money, you've got to go.
I'm going to kick her out right now.
Hurry up.
Don't delay your wedding with Nicky.
How to talk to a smelly beggar?
Why don't you go?
Even if it's from our house.
There must be degrees.
Mrs. Su, even though she is Van Hieu's mother-in-law.
But you shouldn't treat him like a servant.
Drink up.
Van Hieu is the son-in-law of the To family.
What does what we do with him have to do with you?
He came to marry your daughter.
Not to be a horse.
Wow.
You may not get married.
A lowlife from the remote countryside
What is the right to marry my daughter?
It's also his life.
When I met our family, Yen Nhi came to the house to be a fat son-in-law.
Son-in-law
The man came home.
Ten Unfortunate Nine Kisses
Better to be poor.
No door.
Ly Van Hieu
You read poetry.
You are full of experience.
How can you voluntarily fall?
Son-in-law
Who are you?
A smelly beggar came to our house asking for rice.
In what capacity to say
My husband threw her out for me.
This little thing doesn't work very well.
That's rubbish.
Excuse me.
You are now
Sorry Van Hieu